Jetpack 10.8-a.3 Atomic Release (#23299)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

### This is a list detailing changes for all Jetpack releases.

## 10.8-a.3 - 2022-03-08
### Enhancements
- Jetpack: assistant style updates and other improvements.
- Jetpack: using the new Webfont API in Gutenberg, registers a selection of Google fonts for use with block and Global styles.
- Markdown block: add default spacing controls.
- Masterbar: make the Desktop Switcher look the same between Calypso and wp-admin.
- Payments Block: adds a link to the support reference page on the block configuration panel.
- Payment Button Block: make Stripe connection button visible from child block elements.

### Improved compatibility
- Premium Content Block: prevent block from being nested inside itself.
- Various Blocks: remove deprecated attributes from Button components.
- CLI Tools: ensure WP CLI is present before extending the class.

### Bug fixes
- Jetpack: remove the duplicated `jetpack_relatedposts_returned_results filter`.
- Premium Content Block: login button now redirects to the correct post instead of to a 404 page when the URL contains characters that have been previously encoded.

> - Payment Blocks: fixed and issue with the upgrade banner being obscured from all payment blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Payment Blocks: fixes an issue with the upgrade banner being obscured from all payment blocks.
```
